[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: Now we've
got three errors here.
Things are getting a little
nutty in my console and
they all have to do with
content security policy.
So this content security policy is a way
of informing the browser what, given
a resource that has been served up, what
should the browser be able to connect to?
And so we've just started
talking to a new resource that
by default we're not
supposed to be talking to.
So we just need to add Github's API
as developing to talk to.
The place where you set that up
is in the config environment,
and security policy.
>> Mike North: And then in this case
we just need to connect source.
>> Mike North: And we should just be
able to add this and then we're done.
>> Mike North: Additionally we have
to stop and and start it again.
>> Mike North: Okay, so
[NOISE]
>> Mike North: Looks
like the avatars are still
giving us trouble here.
I will post a link how to
customize this further,
but the basic idea is for different types
of communication, if you allow this,
these domains and
these resources for style and
these four connecting to via ajax,
these for images and so on.
So I'm gonna keep going here and
just apply very similar changes
to the issues and contributors.
So I'm gonna go to routes > repo >
>> Mike North: contributors.
And basically want this same thing.
>> Mike North: Except we also
have to get the repo itself.
Same modelFor technique.
>> Mike North: And we'll set a debugger,
make sure everything works.
>> Mike North: 'name' on undefined,
my mistake.
>> Mike North: And
I believe we'll need to go here as well.
So I'm basically just filling in with the
appropriate API request all the way down.
What we're gonna end up doing here is
asking for more data than we really need.
And the reason is there's no understanding
that we just came from the list of
repos and therefore don't need to ask for
this object that we already knew about.
This is where Amber Data starts
to become very valuable.
All right, so repos > org > id.
>> Mike North: So let org = modelFor.
>> Mike North: Here we'll do
>> Mike North: org
id and then,
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Mike North: Thank you.
>> Mike North: And it is undefined.
Because the dynamic segment
is actually repo id.
All right, there we go.
And I can see that we've got the repo
if I look at the network tab here,
but I don't wanna take up
more time than we have to.
>> Mike North: All right,
so now I've got that,
which means that the list of
contributors should work now.
>> Mike North: Fantastic.
Looking for that URL up here.
>> Mike North: And
I'm just going to keep stepping through.
>> Mike North: Something is odd here.
>> Speaker 3: What did you use for
the repo ID in the repo.js file?
>> Mike North: I'm just looking for
the repo id and the repo.js.
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE] repo, correct?
>> Mike North: So
the repo should already be resolved.
So there's my org id, there's my repo id,
that looks right to me.
Maybe it's a.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Mike North: [LAUGH] Trolled again.
>> Mike North: Awesome.
And now raw contributors.
Awesome.
And
we just need to do the same mapping here.
I'm gonna just copy it.
This would be a great thing
to sort of externalize and
make it a function that we could just
massage everything the same way.
>> Mike North: And [NOISE] got rid
of the debug, and
rawContributor.
>> Speaker 4: No.
>> Speaker 5: It should be fine.
And that there's various equal
to one of the individuals.
>> Mike North: All right.
Now, I'm pretty convinced it works.
>> Mike North: There we go.
So now we have the list of contributors.
We've gone really deep into this now.
We've got a lot of data coming in at
different levels and what's important to
note is that you can drill in and
drill in and drill in,
and as you go through the routes deeper
and deeper, you often need to refer to
parent route models in order to
do what you need to get done.
In one case, in the case of the org,
we had to actually make available,
sorry, it was the repos list I think.
We had to make something available in
the template via setup controller.
And so this is the kind of stuff that
you have to do in order to resolve
the differences in the hierarchies
between the route structure you want,
what you want to show
up in your templates,
and what data is necessary in order to
fetch other data, if that makes sense.
So, I think I should be
able to just copy this and
make it just work for issues and
then we're all home free.
I'll copy this one and
replace with issues and
>> Mike North: <ul>.
So just iterating over again </ul>
>> Mike North: And
here we've got a couple issues.
This is a smaller repository.
We can go back to something
little more interesting
like Ember seal by itself many issues.
Many people working on them and
then here are the contributors.
So now we've gotten rid of all
the hard coding, hard coded data.
We're getting repo information.
The list of repos, the list of issues, the
list of collaborators, all from the API.
And when it comes down to it,
it seems like a lot of work but
it falls into three categories,
using get $.get using jQuery
to just return a promise, you don't need
ember data, although it's quite useful.
Using modelFor instead
of controller to get
the right data onto the right template.
And then finally doing
a little JSON massaging to get
things into a state where
link two is happy with them.
Make sure you get that id matching
what the URL thinks the id should be.